My name is Peter P. Zorzenon and I have been working in steel for around 22 years. I live and work in Long Island, NY. I have shown in galleries such as Elaine Benson's gallery in The Hampton, Saint Johns Gallery, Hampton Square Gallery, and a host of others. Write ups include NY TIMES interesting study of arrested motion, NEW DAY steel sculpture steals show. Daily NEWS the art of big art, Dan's paper in the Hampton's moments frozen in steel, Advance paper Zorzenon's grace with steel, and many more. To be quite honest the art should speak for it self. I work mostly in steel. I own US patents for steel products I make. The sculptures I make, are hand made with no casting involved, the pieces are cut welded and carved in away that brings out a handcrafted sculpture, unlike most production type art or multiple casting works. Most of my work is large, life size or larger. Examples of these would be eagles with seven foot wingspans. My work spans from geometric to total realism, colorful to formal. A famous NYC gallery once told me that if I stuck to one type of art, he would make me famous. I told him I would much rather be happy. In the art world today, they say you should date your work of art, I DON'T they say you must have a lot to say about your artwork I DON'T my work speaks for itself. The Native Americans, never dated their artwork. Africans never dated their artwork, but I love it just the same. At the bottom of my artwork I always sign with a welded PZ, which is my calling card in the art world. Come back often we are adding pieces to the gallery all the time. 

 



Contact Information
Telephone
631-286-7592
Postal address
1981 Montauk Hwy.
           Brookhaven, New York
                        11719
   Electronic mail                           

General Information: pete@pzsteel.com
Sales:pete@pzsteel.com
 Webmaster: gene@BuildYourOwnComputer.com


	
 

Eagle with catch
 
Beautiful sculpture showing eagle landing on piling after catching a fish. The eagle has a seven foot wing span and is made of stainless steel so is the fish. The sculpture is hand made with no casting or molding. Like all of my sculpture's they are welded ground and carved by hand. 

Eagle On Ball
Eagle on ball, has a 5' wing span 4' high. Made of stainless steel. This was a commissioned piece. The eagle with it's talons piercing a  stainless steel ball made a grand entry way up the driveway, with one on each side. All hand made and carved. 

Holding Ground
Holding Ground, stands 14' high 5' wide. Made of carbon steel. This sculpture has some realistic parts with geometric structure. The hands, garment, spear and headdress are realistic. The combination is hard to keep a balance, were to draw the line, but when you get it write you get a stunning sculpture like this. The sculpture represents Native American's try to hold onto a small part of their native land.  

On Edge
 
On edge, is 8' 6" high 10' 6" wide. The perfect balance and lines make this formal out door sculpture a perfect center piece for home. On edge was made at time when I was looking for balance. This is a very formal geometric piece. That shows a great sense of balance which we need to get through life. On Edge is made of carbon steel, welded, ground, sandblasted, primed and painted.
 
Running Thru Steel
Running Thru Steel, 6' high by 3' wide, is made of carbon steel. This piece is a self portrait of the artist running from geometric to realism as he runs through steel. The geometric side as well as realistic side is all hand welded ground and carved by hand there is no casting or molding in this or in any of artist's work. This type of steel sculpture work is a trade mark of artist. And shows true capability of the artist. 

Sun Dancers
Sun dancers, About 5' high 4' wide. Made of carbon steel. Perfect garden sculpture. Shows two geometric figure's dancing. Colorful and balanced makes the sculpture work well out side.

Repose
Repose, made of carbon steel with stainless steel ball. Repose stands 5' high. The sculpture repose is a very formal piece, pleasing to the eye, and represents a state of peace and rest. write up in News Day-Steel sculpture steals show.

Tee Time
Tee Time, made of carbon steel. The sculpture stands about 10' high. This colorful sculpture of golfer was made when some golfing partners complained about hitting such a small ball. My friends use to come in my shop Friday after noon and say its Tee Time drag me out to play golf, well maybe not drag.

Tree Prayer
Tree Prayer, made of carbon steel. This colorful sculpture, is of person reading under tree as sun rises. I have a tree that I sit under and read, don't you. The sculpture is 10' high. Perfect piece for outside.

Hard Times
Hard Times - Made of carbon steel, stands 5' high. The shoes are made by hand with no casting or molding just like all of my work. The sculpture Hard Times represents just that, hard times. Making this sculpture brought back memories of times my sisters brother and I grew up in foster homes, some good, and some so bad they would make your eyes flow. The shame, fear, and unwanted feeling are something no child should have to experience. After finishing the sculpture, I felt a great sense of peace.

 
Sea Cycle
 
Sea Cycle, made of carbon steel, stands 10' high. A colorful sea scene perfect for water front homes. Well balanced with sun, sky, and birds. Above scuba diver, fish, and lobster.
 
Joan
 
 Joan stands 7' high from base to top of cross. Joan is made of carbon steel hand made. This is a geo-realistic type of sculpture that I really enjoy working in. I read a book , Man and his gods. The book as well as my own experiences with the abuse of women by different religions. And still goes on today. 